add postgresql indexer (#6897)
jina-ai/jina-hub: indexers/keyvalue/PostgreSQLDBIndexer/README.md

> # PostgressIndexer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# PostgreSQLIndexer
```

> Indexer wrapper around Postgress database. Postrges is an open source object-relational database. You can read more about it here: https://www.postgresql.org/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indexer wrapper around the PostgreSQL DBMS. Postgres is an open source object-relational database. You can read more about it here: https://www.postgresql.org/
```

## Snippets:

> Initialise PostgresIndexer:

Reviewer: Use the same name everywhere as the class, which should be `PostgreSQLDBMSIndexer`
